Update Introspection docs (#721)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/introspection.adoc

:eip165: https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-165[EIP165]
:src5: https://github.com/starknet-io/SNIPs/blob/main/SNIPS/snip-5.md[SRC5]
:src5-rs: https://github.com/ericnordelo/src5-rs[src5-rs]

= Introspection

In the Ethereum ecosystem, smart contracts often need to exercise https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_introspection[type introspection]
on other contracts, for interoperability purposes. The {eip165} standard supports this allowing contracts to declare
their support for a given interface, and for other contracts to query this support.

Starknet is not an exception to this rule, having to exercise type introspection among smart contracts as well. From the

> differences between Starknet and Ethereum, instead of trying to replicate the EVM's interface ID calculation, the community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of trying to replicate the EVM's interface ID calculation, the community
```

Not a huge deal, but cases like this are why I prefer one whole sentence per line. It's still better than one paragraph per line :)

> has defined {src5} which is a Starknet-specific standard for type introspection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined {src5} which is a Starknet-specific standard for type introspection:
```

== SRC5

> Similar to the Ethereum counterpart, the {src5} standard requires the contract to implement a `supports_interface` function,
> which can be used to query the contract's support for a given interface:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to its Ethereum counterpart, the {src5} standard requires contracts to implement the `supports_interface` function,
which can be used by others to query if a given interface is supported:
```

[,javascript]
----
trait ISRC5 {
    /// Query if a contract implements an interface.
    /// Receives the interface identifier as specified in SRC-5.
    /// Returns `true` if the contract implements `interface_id`, `false` otherwise.
    fn supports_interface(interface_id: felt252) -> bool;
}
----

=== Computing the interface ID

The interface ID, as specified in the standard, is the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exclusive_or[XOR] of all the
https://github.com/starknet-io/SNIPs/blob/main/SNIPS/snip-5.md#extended-function-selector[Extended Function Selectors]

> of the interface. We strongly advice to read the SNIP for getting into the specifics of obtaining these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the interface. We strongly advise reading the SNIP to understand the specifics of obtaining these
```

> of the interface. We strongly advise reading the SNIP to understand the specifics of obtaining these
> extended function selectors, but there are tools that can help with this process, such as {src5-rs}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the interface. We strongly advise reading the SNIP to understand the specifics of computing these
extended function selectors. There are tools such as {src5-rs} that can help with this process.
```

> Extended Function Selectors, but there are tools that can help with this process, such as {src5-rs}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extended function selectors, but there are tools that can help with this process, such as {src5-rs}.
```

This doesn't need to be capitalized, right?

=== Registering interfaces

For a contract to declare its support for a given interface, the contract should import the SRC5 module and
register its support. It's recommended to register interface support upon contract deployment through a constructor
either directly or indirectly (as an initializer) like this:

[,javascript]
----
#[starknet::contract]
mod Contract {
    use openzeppelin::account::interface;
    use openzeppelin::introspection::src5::SRC5;

    #[storage]
    struct Storage {}

    #[constructor]
    fn constructor(ref self: ContractState) {
        let mut unsafe_state = SRC5::unsafe_new_contract_state();
        SRC5::InternalImpl::register_interface(ref unsafe_state, interface::ISRC6_ID);
    }

    (...)
}
----

=== Querying interfaces

> Use the `supports_interface` function to query a contract's support for a given interface.

Reviewer: This section seems a little bare. In the current OZ Cairo docs, we have an example checking support. Thoughts on including something like that here?

Author: That example would be a practical guide (how to), and following the documentation framework should be separated of this "understanding targeted" guide. I don't think we need the practical guide for that though, calling supports_interface should be pretty straightforward after understanding where the ID is coming from.

Reviewer 2: +1 to andrew's suggestion. it does looks bare to me, and right above we're doing the same for `register_interface` which is equally straightforward to understand. i think we need the offer a counterpart.

of the interface. We strongly advise reading the SNIP to understand the specifics of computing these
extended function selectors. There are tools such as {src5-rs} that can help with this process.

=== Registering interfaces

For a contract to declare its support for a given interface, the contract should import the SRC5 module and
register its support. It's recommended to register interface support upon contract deployment through a constructor
either directly or indirectly (as an initializer) like this:

[,javascript]
----
#[starknet::contract]
mod Contract {
    use openzeppelin::account::interface;
    use openzeppelin::introspection::src5::SRC5;

    #[storage]
    struct Storage {}

    #[constructor]
    fn constructor(ref self: ContractState) {
        let mut unsafe_state = SRC5::unsafe_new_contract_state();
        SRC5::InternalImpl::register_interface(ref unsafe_state, interface::ISRC6_ID);
    }

    (...)
}
----

=== Querying interfaces

Use the `supports_interface` function to query a contract's support for a given interface.

[,javascript]
----
#[starknet::contract]
mod Contract {
    use openzeppelin::account::interface;

>     use openzeppelin::introspection::src5::SRC5;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    use starknet::ContractAddress;

    #[storage]
    struct Storage {}

    #[external(v0)]
    fn foo(ref self: ContractState, target: ContractAddress) {
        let args = array![interface::ISRC6_ID];
        let selector = selector!("supports_interface");

        let mut is_account_raw = starknet::call_contract_syscall(target, selector, args.span())
            .unwrap();

>         let is_account = Serde::<bool>::deserialize(ref is_account_raw).unwrap();

Author: > Would it be a more applicable example to use SRC5::SRC5Impl::supports_interface(@unsafe_state, interface_id)?

I don't think it makes much sense that the contract checks that it supports the interface for itself, usually, this is done for an external contract, right?

> Also, maybe we can change the foo func name to is_account, supports_account_interface, or something like that?

+1

Use the `supports_interface` function to query a contract's support for a given interface.

[,javascript]
----
#[starknet::contract]
mod Contract {
    use openzeppelin::account::interface;
    use starknet::ContractAddress;

    #[storage]
    struct Storage {}

    #[external(v0)]

>     fn target_is_account(ref self: ContractState, target: ContractAddress) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    fn query_is_account(self: @ContractState, target: ContractAddress) -> bool {
```

        let args = array![interface::ISRC6_ID];
        let selector = selector!("supports_interface");

>         let mut is_account_raw = starknet::call_contract_syscall(target, selector, args.span())

Reviewer 2: isn't it more idiomatic to use `ISRC5Dispatcher`?

Author: It certainly is :)

            .unwrap();
        let is_account = Serde::<bool>::deserialize(ref is_account_raw).unwrap();

>         (...)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Serde::<bool>::deserialize(ref is_account_raw).unwrap()
```
this returns `bool` in line with the above suggestion

#[starknet::contract]

> mod Contract {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mod MyContract {
```
just in case, i think this is clear on it being custom and not keyword
